What is the artist Facebook interfamily group well it's something that you're going to want to join.
So what it is is it's a Facebook group that I've created for all my students that are enrolled in an
art course on this page.
You're going to be able to share your artwork as well as ask questions.
It's a very very useful tool.
And in my other game design courses I have another Facebook page for them and they've found the page
to be very useful and they get lots and lots of insight from the page.
So what are the benefits of joining the Facebook page.
Well first off it's a support group.
So if you're having a hard time sticking to your routine and making sure that you get your assignments
done it's a really good place to get support.
Let everybody know that you're having a hard time and I'm sure everybody would love to give you some
moral support.
Which brings me to the second point.
You can use it for motivation not just by getting moral support but also you can post your artwork.
Which brings me to my second point.
Motivation you can use the Facebook group to create motivation for yourself not just by having moral
support from everybody but also you can post your artwork in there and here all the great reviews from
people that like your artwork and it will really motivate you to create more and keep going.
You can also use the Facebook group to ask any questions you have and to get help.
So if there's anything you need help with.
Go ahead and post it in the Facebook group and either me or another student can definitely try to help
you.
You can also use it to get critiques if you want to become a great artist.
You definitely want to get critiques on your art work.
You'll never grow if you don't.
If you want a critique of your drawing.
All you have to do is type in your post that you want me to critique it and then I'll go through the
Facebook page and critique all the artwork that wants to be critiqued.
You can also use the Facebook group to make connections.
It's going to be a huge family of a bunch of other artists that are on the same path as you.
We're pretty close to the same path so take advantage of that and make some connections.
That's the way you network and get jobs in the industry.
Next you also get free content.
So what do I mean by this.
I mean if I have a run contest you're going to see it in the Facebook group.
If I create free content on my YouTube channel you're going to see it in the Facebook group if I create
any other type of free content such as drawing books or anything like that.
You're going to see it in the Facebook group.
So that is definitely why you should be joining the Facebook group and I really hope to see you there.
So how do you join.
Well all you have to do is go to this u r l w w w dot Facebook dot com forward slash groups forward
slash artist inner family forward slash and that'll take you straight to the page and then all you want
to do is join the group.
Once he joined the group I locate you and then you'll be a part of it and you can post what ever you'd
like in the Facebook family.
In the next lecture I'm going to go ahead and leave a link for this page.
See you don't actually have to type this in.
That brings us to the end of this lecture.
So join the Facebook group right now.
And I look forward to seeing you in the next lecturn.